# AppBlocks Support First Philosophy
Many of us have found themselves at this place. Production support team has reached for an issue, you've done your analysis and provided production support with the temporary fix. However, a permanent fix is not feasible, it requires impact analysis, regresssion testing etc. With a permanent solution, weeks if not months away, often, you see the problem recur and the developers called upon to resolve that same issue multiple times. This is an inefficient use of developer time. Sure, we can create an incident ticket that documents the temporary solution. But more often than not, support folks find it difficult to locate the previous incident information when the problem recurs. 

AppBlocks architecture proposes an elegant solution for this problem. It supports separation of logging, validating and workflow monitoring code from the rest of the business logic. This lets developers / dev ops safely update the support focused code with minimal impact to the business logic code. Additionally, application business logic code is no longer littered with support code. It makes business code more readable. It makes it possible for support code to have its own release schedule. 

Under AppBlocks architecture here is how the support scenario would be handled. After the issue is analyzed, the developer or dev ops person would introduce application monitoring to identify the issue and direct application support team to the solution. Since this is custom code, it could include a link to an incident ticket that could spell out the solution. And since the support code exists in its own assembly it can be safely dropped in production without adversely affecting application logic. 

